docs/embedding/embed-builder.mdx, before:

---
title: "Embed Builder"
description: ""
icon: "wrench"
---

<Snippet file="enterprise-feature.mdx" />

This documentation explains how to embed the Activepieces iframe inside your application and customize it.

## Configure SDK

Adding the embedding SDK script will initialize an object in your window called `activepieces`, which has a method called `configure` that you should call after the container has been rendered.
<Tip>
The following scripts shouldn't contain the `async` or `defer` attributes.
</Tip>


<Tip>
These steps assume you have already generated a JWT token from the backend. If not, please check the [provision-users](./provision-users) page.
</Tip>

```html
<script src="https://cdn.activepieces.com/sdk/embed/0.4.0.js">
</script>
<script>
const instanceUrl = 'YOUR_INSTANCE_URL';
const jwtToken = 'GENERATED_JWT_TOKEN';
const containerId = 'YOUR_CONTAINER_ID';
activepieces.configure({
  instanceUrl,
  jwtToken,
  prefix: "/",
  embedding: {
    containerId,
    builder: {
      disableNavigation: false,
      hideFlowName: false
    },
    dashboard: {
      hideSidebar: false
    },
    hideFolders: false,
    navigation: {
      handler: ({ route }) => {
          // The iframe route has changed, make sure you check the navigation section.
        }
    }
  },
});

</script>
```
<Tip>
`configure` returns a promise which is resolved after authentication is done.

 </Tip>

<Tip>
Please check the [navigation](./navigation) section, as it's very important to understand how navigation works and how to supply an auto-sync experience.
</Tip>

**Configure Parameters:**

| Parameter Name |  Required |  Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| instanceUrl| ✅ |  string | The url of the instance hosting Activepieces, could be https://cloud.activepieces.com if you are a cloud user. |
| jwtToken | ✅  |  string | The jwt token you generated to authenticate your users to Activepieces. |
| prefix | ❌ | string | Some customers have an embedding prefix, like this `<embedding_url_prefix>/<Activepieces_url>`. For example if the prefix is `/automation` and the Activepieces url is `/flows` the full url would be `/automation/flows`. |
| embedding.containerId | ❌ | string | The html element's id that is going to be containing Activepieces's iframe. |
| embedding.builder.disableNavigation | ❌ |  boolean \| `keep_home_button_only` | Hides the folder name, home button (if not set to [`keep_home_button_only`](./sdk-changelog#20%2F05%2F2025-0-4-0)) and delete option in the builder, by default it is false. |
| embedding.builder.hideFlowName | ❌ |  boolean | Hides the flow name and flow actions dropdown in the builder's header, by default it is false. |
| embedding.builder.homeButtonClickedHandler | ❌ | `()=>void` | Callback that stops home button from navigating to dashboard and overrides it with this handler (added in [0.4.0](./sdk-changelog#20%2F05%2F2025-0-4-0))
| embedding.builder.homeButtonIcon | ❌ | `logo`  \| `back` |  if set to **`back`** the tooltip shown on hovering the home button is removed (added in [0.5.0](./sdk-changelog#03%2F07%2F2025-0-5-0))
| embedding.dashboard.hideSidebar | ❌ | boolean | Controls the visibility of the sidebar in the dashboard, by default it is false. |
| embedding.dashboard.hideFlowsPageNavbar | ❌ | boolean | Controls the visibility of the navbar showing flows,issues and runs above the flows table in the dashboard, by default it is false. (added in [0.6.0](./sdk-changelog#07%2F07%2F2025-0-6-0)) |
| embedding.dashboard.hideSettings | ❌ | boolean | Controls the visibility of settings button next to the home button in the sidebar, by default it is false. (added in [0.7.0](./sdk-changelog#07%2F07%2F2025-0-7-0)) |
| embedding.hideFolders | ❌ | boolean | Hides all things related to folders in both the flows table and builder by default it is false. |
| embedding.styling.fontUrl | ❌ | string | The url of the font to be used in the embedding, by default it is `https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Roboto:wght@300;400;500;700&display=swap`. |
| embedding.styling.fontFamily | ❌ | string | The font family to be used in the embedding, by default it is `Roboto`. |
| embedding.styling.mode | ❌ | `light` \| `dark` | Controls light/dark mode (added in [0.5.0](./sdk-changelog#03%2F07%2F2025-0-5-0))|
| embedding.hideExportAndImportFlow | ❌ | boolean | Hides the option to export or import flows (added in [0.4.0](./sdk-changelog#20%2F05%2F2025-0-4-0)) |
| embedding.hideDuplicateFlow | ❌ |  boolean | Hides the option to duplicate a flow  (added in [0.5.0](./sdk-changelog#03%2F07%2F2025-0-5-0))|
| embedding.locale | ❌ |  `en` \| `nl` \| `de` \| `fr`  \| `es` \| `ja` \| `zh` \| `pt` \| `zh-TW` \| `ru` \|  | it takes [ISO 639-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639_language_codes) locale codes (added in [0.5.0](./sdk-changelog#03%2F07%2F2025-0-5-0))|
| navigation.handler  | ❌ | `({route:string}) => void`  | This callback will be triggered each time a route in Activepieces changes, you can read more about it [here](/embedding/navigation) |

<Tip>
 For the font to be loaded, you need to set both the `fontUrl` and `fontFamily` properties.
 If you only set one of them, the default font will be used.
 The default font is `Roboto`.
 The font weights we use are the default font-weights from [tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/font-weight).
</Tip>

Commit message:

feat: add parameter for embed sdk to hide page headers

docs/embedding/embed-builder.mdx, after:

---
title: "Embed Builder"
description: ""
icon: "wrench"
---

<Snippet file="enterprise-feature.mdx" />

This documentation explains how to embed the Activepieces iframe inside your application and customize it.

## Configure SDK

Adding the embedding SDK script will initialize an object in your window called `activepieces`, which has a method called `configure` that you should call after the container has been rendered.
<Tip>
The following scripts shouldn't contain the `async` or `defer` attributes.
</Tip>


<Tip>
These steps assume you have already generated a JWT token from the backend. If not, please check the [provision-users](./provision-users) page.
</Tip>

```html
<script src="https://cdn.activepieces.com/sdk/embed/0.4.0.js">
</script>
<script>
const instanceUrl = 'YOUR_INSTANCE_URL';
const jwtToken = 'GENERATED_JWT_TOKEN';
const containerId = 'YOUR_CONTAINER_ID';
activepieces.configure({
  instanceUrl,
  jwtToken,
  prefix: "/",
  embedding: {
    containerId,
    builder: {
      disableNavigation: false,
      hideFlowName: false
    },
    dashboard: {
      hideSidebar: false
    },
    hideFolders: false,
    navigation: {
      handler: ({ route }) => {
          // The iframe route has changed, make sure you check the navigation section.
        }
    }
  },
});

</script>
```
<Tip>
`configure` returns a promise which is resolved after authentication is done.

 </Tip>

<Tip>
Please check the [navigation](./navigation) section, as it's very important to understand how navigation works and how to supply an auto-sync experience.
</Tip>

**Configure Parameters:**

| Parameter Name |  Required |  Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| instanceUrl| ✅ |  string | The url of the instance hosting Activepieces, could be https://cloud.activepieces.com if you are a cloud user. |
| jwtToken | ✅  |  string | The jwt token you generated to authenticate your users to Activepieces. |
| prefix | ❌ | string | Some customers have an embedding prefix, like this `<embedding_url_prefix>/<Activepieces_url>`. For example if the prefix is `/automation` and the Activepieces url is `/flows` the full url would be `/automation/flows`. |
| embedding.containerId | ❌ | string | The html element's id that is going to be containing Activepieces's iframe. |
| embedding.builder.disableNavigation | ❌ |  boolean \| `keep_home_button_only` | Hides the folder name, home button (if not set to [`keep_home_button_only`](./sdk-changelog#20%2F05%2F2025-0-4-0)) and delete option in the builder, by default it is false. |
| embedding.builder.hideFlowName | ❌ |  boolean | Hides the flow name and flow actions dropdown in the builder's header, by default it is false. |
| embedding.builder.homeButtonClickedHandler | ❌ | `()=>void` | Callback that stops home button from navigating to dashboard and overrides it with this handler (added in [0.4.0](./sdk-changelog#20%2F05%2F2025-0-4-0))
| embedding.builder.homeButtonIcon | ❌ | `logo`  \| `back` |  if set to **`back`** the tooltip shown on hovering the home button is removed (added in [0.5.0](./sdk-changelog#03%2F07%2F2025-0-5-0))
| embedding.dashboard.hideSidebar | ❌ | boolean | Controls the visibility of the sidebar in the dashboard, by default it is false. |
| embedding.dashboard.hideFlowsPageNavbar | ❌ | boolean | Controls the visibility of the navbar showing flows,issues and runs above the flows table in the dashboard, by default it is false. (added in [0.6.0](./sdk-changelog#07%2F07%2F2025-0-6-0)) |
| embedding.dashboard.hidePageHeader | ❌ | boolean | Hides the page header in the dashboard by default it is false. (added in [0.8.0](./sdk-changelog#09%2F21%2F2025-0-8-0)) |
| embedding.hideFolders | ❌ | boolean | Hides all things related to folders in both the flows table and builder by default it is false. |
| embedding.styling.fontUrl | ❌ | string | The url of the font to be used in the embedding, by default it is `https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Roboto:wght@300;400;500;700&display=swap`. |
| embedding.styling.fontFamily | ❌ | string | The font family to be used in the embedding, by default it is `Roboto`. |
| embedding.styling.mode | ❌ | `light` \| `dark` | Controls light/dark mode (added in [0.5.0](./sdk-changelog#03%2F07%2F2025-0-5-0))|
| embedding.hideExportAndImportFlow | ❌ | boolean | Hides the option to export or import flows (added in [0.4.0](./sdk-changelog#20%2F05%2F2025-0-4-0)) |
| embedding.hideDuplicateFlow | ❌ |  boolean | Hides the option to duplicate a flow  (added in [0.5.0](./sdk-changelog#03%2F07%2F2025-0-5-0))|
| embedding.locale | ❌ |  `en` \| `nl` \| `de` \| `fr`  \| `es` \| `ja` \| `zh` \| `pt` \| `zh-TW` \| `ru` \|  | it takes [ISO 639-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639_language_codes) locale codes (added in [0.5.0](./sdk-changelog#03%2F07%2F2025-0-5-0))|
| navigation.handler  | ❌ | `({route:string}) => void`  | This callback will be triggered each time a route in Activepieces changes, you can read more about it [here](/embedding/navigation) |
<Tip>
 For the font to be loaded, you need to set both the `fontUrl` and `fontFamily` properties.
 If you only set one of them, the default font will be used.
 The default font is `Roboto`.
 The font weights we use are the default font-weights from [tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/font-weight).
</Tip>
